docs(df): improve data-factory guide on resource (id) construction (#267)
arcus-azure/arcus.testing: docs/preview/03-Features/04-Azure/06-Integration/01-data-factory.mdx

```csharp
using Arcus.Testing;

ResourceIdentifier dataFactoryResourceId =
    DataFactoryResource.CreateResourceIdentifier("<subscription-id>", "<resource-group>", "<factory-name>");

await using var session = 
  await TemporaryDataFlowDebugSession.StartDebugSessionAsync(dataFactoryResourceId, logger);
```

> > ⚡ Uses by default the `DefaultAzureCredential` but other type of authentication mechanisms are supported with overloads that take in the `DataFactoryResource` directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚡ Uses by default the `DefaultAzureCredential` but other types of authentication mechanism are supported with overloads that take in the `DataFactoryResource` directly:
```
